The website consists of 6 pages. The main page is where the client lands when opens the site, then 5 other pages where he can learn more about the company, their services, clients’ feedback and see answers to most asked questions. If a person wants to collaborate with the company, he can open “Contact Us” page through the navigation bar. 


This website is about the SofDev company (Software Development) founded ten years ago in Tashkent, Uzbekistan by a little entrepreneur who made outstanding achievements. During these years, they established offices in 30+ countries, a tremendous development. The advantages of the company are professional workers, various types of services, and affordable prices. Also, SofDev works with individuals the same as large companies. Clients are able to ask for custom software or get ready tools and technologies required for their business with the help of a highly qualified team. The company’s most used services are web development and custom software including mobile applications. Almost every business despite its type needs a good website or software to a procession of products faster and easier. SofDev works with famous companies as well like Youtube and EarthX. All clients they provided have given only positive feedback about company services and workers.


During the creation of the website, I encountered many difficulties that every programmer hates. Even the absence of one dot or space in the wrong place completely destroys the function of the code. It makes errors and takes a lot of time to find that tiny mistake that totally affects the whole project. However, I got many experience and knowledge while creating the website and using different methods of coding. I also realized that experience plays a significant role in IT fields because as a novice frontend developer, I can see how the lack of knowledge wasted a lot of time.

GitHub: https://github.com/AsadullokhBIS/WT.CW1.00013344.git